	After hearing numerous times about the Climate Fresk and it's benefits, I participated in the activity organised by the ENSEEIHT alogside my peers of class 2026. While I already possessed fundamental knowledge of how human activities impact our climate and in turn, how it affects the environment, the session offered a nuanced and factual exploration, providing precise quantities as well as comprehensive information on known or not sectors, much as primary and minor factors, all the while being supervised by trained personnel.

	As individuals with daily habits that influence more or less the climate, the activity prompted us to review our personnal lives and how our habits impact the environment in order to identify the ones that impact the most the environment and eventually change them with more eco-friendly alternatives. These alternatives range from having more efficient heating or cooling systems, better isolation or less water consumption with newer shower knobs or with more efficient dish washers instead of washing dishes by hand. These are also valid with electricity. These alternatives are very important in order to limit the use of ressources as well as the carbon dioxyde emissions.
		
	Furthermore, as futuer engineers, our responsibility extends beyond,the need to be aware of the impact our inventions and work will have is becoming more apparent. The Climate Fresk activity underscores this aspect, urging us to take in consideration the environmental impact, as well as actively seek for eco-friendly solutions in order to protect and preserve the environment.
	
	Participating in the Climate Fresk activity made me realise that a majority of the participants are in a situation similar to mine where they also have fundamental knowledge about this topic. This observation shows that the climate crisis is taken seriously by the younger generations, although this is a good thing, it will still take time for these generations to get in the workforce and achieve positions that will help have an impact.
	
	In conclusion, the Climate Fresk is not just a simple educational activity as it allows to initiate a cultural change towards more a more eco-friendly one. This will create a society that addresses climate change. Activities such as this one allow individuals to know what they can do to fight to help the climate and the environment.
