	In response to the newfound freedom of expression surrounding diversity, inclusion, and hazing in engineering schools, the entire class of 2026 from ENSEEIHT as well as other schools from the INP group had to attend an interactive play titled "Le Procès de Kig Kong". This play divided in three parts, addresses these issues, and aimed to spark reactions to raise awareness amongst the studens.

	Each segment, depicting various acts and behaviours, from clearly illegal acts to nuanced and subtle forms of discrimination, whether it is intentionnal or not, was followed by a group discussion. These discussions inquired the entire audience about what they saw and heard in the segment. Furthermore each time, most students agreed on the problematic ations, but there was never a consensus, which led to contructive debates, and sensitized students to actions that might seem inofenssive and common yet conceal sexism, objectification and violence. These discussions were also a time for some students that suffered such violences to share their experiences to those that either suffered them as well, showing they are not alone, but also to those that were not victim.

	This play also was a way to adress the prevalant issue of sexism and sexual violence within engineering schools which were revealed in 2020-2021 through studies amongst students. These studies raised alarms about the lack of reports on the matter as it revealed that sexual harassment and sexual agressions were not reported by the victims, whether it is to fellow student or administrative bodies. These revelations brought light on events and siuations which demand vigilance, and offered insight on how to react during of after, as victims of witnesses.
	
	The fact that this play was organised by the school with many others underscores the dire need to raise awareness about these issues. The paradox revealed by the play is striking, while barely any individual will agree that they harbour sexist attitudes, a vast majority of women suffered sexism. This means that either a small amount of people commit all the sexism, or that anyone can say a sexist statement without knowing as it could be hidden in the statement or even implied behind another implication. This emphasizees that even gernder equality advocats may unwittingly have had sexist statements or behaviour while advocating for gender equality.
	
	To conclude, "Le Procès de King Kong" breaks traditionnal theater boundaries, potentially serving as an important tool to raise awareness and foster dialogue about discrimination, harassment and violece during our future life. By involving the audience, the play empowers students with knowledge and empathy. Which are needed in order to contribute to a more inclusive and respectful educationnal environment and in general, society.
